Yello Tzy Hyi,

That's very true with names in other languages! I don't think there is any special meaning to my name 🤔. I can speak both Thai and English and I used to learn German for 2 years back in school (already forgotten everything). I'm planning to learn sign language in the future if I have time, I used to volunteer in a care facility and sign language is used predominantly! My family has a Chinese background so everyone can speak Chinese except me. Always an interesting conversation during family gatherings that I'm the odd one out choosing to learn German lol.

Totally! I just graduated this month with a degree in comp sci and psychology. (I like how you recognised that we're entering summer over here and not winter like the rest of the world haha). I'm working with the government as an intern to develop a better COVID tracing system that can also predict future outbreaks! We're hoping to also use this prototype on other disease in the future!

Ahh, I'm sure you'll finish it in no time!
That's actually a really good point you raise their with Asian/Eastern population are more geared towards religious/spiritual 'healing' rather than scientifically based therapy or use of medicine. Correct me if I'm wrong here but sounds like you're trying to promote 'de-westernising' psychology practices so that it can work with 'eastern' population?? If we realised that religious practices and therapy based on that is effective on eastern population, should we not adopt and embrace that strategy? It may look 'weird' but that's because we're looking at it through the lens of a westerner, but if you're looking at it as a fellow Easterner this is an effective strategy, if that make sense... <-- my point there probably is instead of attempting to 'transfer' the western psyc model (e.g taking medication) to the eastern, why don't we just develop our own based off our culture/environment/genealogy like you mentioned (e.g. walking around the temples as a form of treatment). In the end I think what matters most is not 'how' we do it (within limits of course), but what are the results of that, are the patients feeling better or worse.
Feels like I'm missing something here hahah.

Another good point with convincing employer that you're capable and is the right candidate for a job is more important than what's written on your degree! I feel like a degree alone is def not enough to stay competitive in the job market. I once went into an interview during my first year of uni or so for a job (I was very desperate back then) and the manager straight up ask "I'd like you to talk about something that you did outside of class. We have 20 other applicants from the same school taking the same class as you, how are you different?" I got hit with that question and as a first year I was like I got nothing in my tank to fight that. That was probably one of the eye-opening moments that I have to start working on my own projects/ideas and do something to set me apart from my classmates.
How're the job market like in Singapore in general?? Heard the IT industry in Singapore is also booming as well with influx of developers from India/China and US!
Take it one step at a time, I'm sure you'll do great!!

I think we did cover developmental psyc very briefly in my first year, very interesting indeed! I work best with primary school age and not kindergartener cause at least they still understand what you're saying lol.  That's so cool you're doing volunteering with the kids!!! Fun part is you get to act silly and joke around with them but the down side to that is it can be very draining working with them. Depends on the kids but sometimes you might have to just keep telling them to sit down, stay quiet over and over again. And it doesn't really help much when you have 20 or so kids in the room needing your attention all at the same time. But at the end of the day when you look back at it it's very rewarding seeing them go I had fun today at school/I learnt something interesting today.
I'd say I'm a very "nice" teacher, like I'm incapable of yelling or being mad at any of my students. Which can back fires cause then when you have to get serious or something bad really happens, they never gonna take you seriously.

Ahhh I see, hopefully you guys won't have to go under and stricter rules!! Definitely true that cooking is more economical especially now when everything in the supermarket is on sale. I've managed to bought a whole chicken for just $2 AUD!!
I can't exactly remember where I went in Singapore but the Merlion and the Universal Studio really stick out in my memory. And then we did went across to an island somewhere to see this circus style/magic show at an outdoor theatre. I'll look through some of my old photos and see I could send those to you, you might recognise some of the places! I'm currently in the process of clearing out my digital archive of stuff I've put aside for years!

It's been raining non-stop for the past 3-4 days now which I think is much better than the heat wave last week!!! I just got out of my sun-burn from the last beach trip so trying to stay away from the sun lately!

Take care! Stay healthy!
Nick