Hola Tzy Hyi! (sorry misspelled your name in my last letter!)

Wow your name sounds amazing and very unique!! That's great!!! One of my Singaporean friends his name is Tzhi, very hard for me to get it right! haha. So you can speak both English and Chinese then???

What we did for my project was we get participant to classify whether the email that they're seeing on screen in a phishing or a genuine email by pressing a key on the keyboard. While they're doing that an eye tracker will be running capturing things that they looks at, head motion, facial movement and stuff like that. All these data will then be analysed to see if the participant responded incorrectly (e.g. a phishing email is presented but they responded as genuine) then we will review things that they look at/how are they behaving which prompted them to make that incorrect decision. It was more of a pilot project so there're definitely improvements to be made.
+totally agree seeing patients recovered from their illness or their lives are much better after some treatment and stuff!!

Ahh congrats to you though on coming close to finishing your current studies!! Again totally agree with the grey areas in psychology. I think it's just science in general. If you want to get anywhere you gotta bend some rules sometimes. What exactly did you uncover in the psyc field?? I know experiments conducted in the 80-90s were very sketchy but that's how we come up with all these psychological theories and understanding! Whether it's worth it or not is another topic for discussion haha.
For me personally, the reason why I chose not to fully pursue a psyc degree, rather combined it with comp sci, was more towards the employability if I graduate with just a psychology degree without going further to become a psychologist/psychiatrist.
My career plans atm is to go into comp sci/tech related stuff. Would be nice also if I could do research based work!! My plan-B option would to go into education field since I do love working with kids (I'm currently teaching in a primary school as a side gig!)

That's great to hear that your covid situation is under control!! Last I heard about Singapore was you guys are going into second lockdown or sth with a spike in cases! Here we've more or less been living our normal lives, all restaurants/cafes and public spaces are fully open but with social distancing rules. I'm based in Queensland so opposite to WA that you went to! Meat pies are a must if you visit Australia, have you tried them when you were here?? Luckily I wasn't impacted much with the bush fires, there was 1-2 weeks that the entire city was covered in smoke but apart from that we were very lucky!

Take care, stay healthy!
Nick