Greetings Tzy Hyi,

That's great though you can continue on after dropping off with learning like that! I'm not so much in that mode, if I drop off from something new that I haven't quite learned it well, I'll forget it completely and/or get mixed up with something else so it's more or less a cold start. I've tried Duolingo a few times learning French and Spanish and it really helps! Cool app!

During summer like atm at night can go down to like 26 or so, some nights there're light breezes which helps A LOT, some nights it's just real sticky with no wind at all.
I'm using the good old python programming with some special packages just to make life a little easier! If you ever want to try out programming I'd highly recommend starting out with python, it's more or less coding in English!! Very easy to understand yet very functional!
+I've watched a documentary saying that insects (and probably flies 🪰 and mealworms 🪱 ) "could" be our sustainable source of protein in the future given that global food security is getting worse.

That's a very good point there that more experience and understanding is needed to answer that question. I think it's good to setup/have an international psychological association (usually the standard is the APA people but again those are American based), that can come together to share ideas/meetings and stuff. But in terms of the treatment plan/strategy, I think it'll be best if health ministry of each country design/develop their own clinical treatment handbook and stuff like that that is tailored specifically to their population. IDK if I just went off topic there or not but there you go haha.

***###User requested more emojis.... Learning.... learning...###***
Nah this is totally me writing it..... or is it 🤔 🤔 🤔...
Spoiler alert: In my next letter I'll get my AI to write a paragraph to you and see if you notice anything odd.

The only thing I'm afraid of when working with teenagers are they'll question things that you tell them to do. Like ok class today we're gonna do xyz, the theory is that abc abc abc... then they'll be like are you sure?? "Google" said this instead, and I'll be like damnn. While primary school kiddos they'll just go with the flow with whatever you tell them to do.

I'm neither a tea or coffee person. I'm a chocolate person 😂, there was one time I went to a bar and I asked them if they serve hot chocolate, apparently they do. But if I have to choose I'd probably go with tea, especially Matcha green tea that's the bomb! I have a rule that after 12PM I will not drink coffee or anything with caffeine in it cause then I'll stay up more or less the whole night.

Saw a picture of Changi airport when it first opened and that roof waterfall thing is def amazing. It's like a mini city inside! Theatre, hotel, spa, swimming pool, gym, like that's crazy for an airport!!

For movies/series I'm a big fan of sci-fi/space/fantasy/action/romantic/comedy style! (I know my preferences are all over the place lol). Some of my all time favourite are Interstellar, 5 feet apart, space between us, The Expanse, Avengers and all the Marvel stuff! +I've watched hell's kitchen many times! Currently trying to get into cooking so Gordom Ramsay has been teaching me many valuable lessons haha. I haven't watch Queen's gambit yet but a lot of people are saying it's really good.
++I've heard of studio Ghibli!! I love their songs from movies like Howls Moving Castle or the Totoro thing. I haven't got around to watching the actual anime though, just listened to the music and it's amazing!
Sounds like you're into the crime/thriller style genre??

Take care!!!
Nick ✌️