G'day Tzy Hyi!

Oh wow that's amazing your uni offer Sign Language class as well! Damnn French!! I'd love to be able to speak a third language but I don't know if i'll ever have that amount of commitment hahah. The real question is did you use Duolingo to practice or not?? #DefNotPaidAds

I mean if you did swallowed that fly it's an extra protein intake I guess? Hah. Summer here is def like hell. My room doesn't have an AC as well so even at night you can get real sweaty. For my intern my task atm is to write a program that can process a good 2-3 million pages of text within 10 or so seconds. These text are demographic data of different suburbs to find the population density and daily movement of people e.g. based on public transport route and stuff like that. We've just starting out so a lot of the ideas are still bouncing around!

Ahhh I see your point with the westernisation. So going forward into the future, what do you think, say the global psychological association (if one even exist) should do then? Like what would be the best approach to psychological studies and treatment given that we've now understand the limitations of traditional strategies and cultural differences.

Recently I've been playing around with building my own chatbot AI. I just knew that you can export your Messenger/FB chat log as a text file. So what I'm trying to do is feed these data into my AI model and create a clone of myself. It won't be as good cause I'm cutting out stuff like the use of stickers/emojis or images so it'll be just plain text. Will be interesting to see what results I get.

Ha! kids are def mysterious. I always have students in my class who would be jolly happy now, but 5 min later crying like the end of the world cause his/her friend took their chair, then back to laughing around with that same friend again half an hour later. I'm like what!? I've never worked with secondary school kids before, only with primary and college students. Would be interesting to compare the teaching experience among the age groups haha.

Apart from the chicken I'm looking forward to the ice creams going on discount. I'm very much addicted to Cookies and Cream!!
Glad I didn't miss out with the highlights on my last trip to singapore! It's been a solid 10 or so years since my last visit so I can't remember. But I know the show is an outdoor space like theatre style seating and stage right in the middle. Would be nice to visit again some day!

Oh damnn you need to book to go to the beach! They're hosting this lit up garden during Christmas as well, usually it's free for all but this year they need everyone to register for social distancing and stuff. The ticket is all booked out within 15-30 min of opening so everyone is very keen to get out of the house here.
I missed out on the booking : (  But hey, more time to binge watch stuff at home I guess! Do you have any series you're following atm or any recommendations???

Take care and stay healthy!
Nick